docs: rebranding changes (#3014)
chanzuckerberg/single-cell-data-portal: frontend/doc-site/04__Analyze Public Data/4_3__Algorithms and Ontologies.mdx

# Algorithms and Ontologies

## Differential Expression

> CZ CellxGene's differential expression uses a [Welch's _t_-test](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Welch%27s_t-test), which assumes that the two populations are normally distributed, but may have unequal variance. We use a two-sided t-test against the null hypothesis that the two populations have **equal** means. P-values are adjusted with the [Bonferroni corrrection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonferroni_correction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Differential expression calculated by CELLxGENE Annotate and CELLxGENE Explorer uses a [Welch's _t_-test](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Welch%27s_t-test), which assumes that the two populations are normally distributed, but may have unequal variance. We use a two-sided t-test against the null hypothesis that the two populations have **equal** means. P-values are adjusted with the [Bonferroni corrrection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonferroni_correction).
```
